/constitution
This is a capstone project as part of a certificate course in AI and ML.  
As such, code should be as simple as possible with each step cleary explained.  
The code must be submitted in the form of Jupyter notebooks.  
The project is a black box optimisation challenge for which there are 8 separate black box optimisation problems.  
Each problem should be solved in it's won jupyter notebook, stored in it's own folder withing the ./functions project folder.  
The folders and ipynb files already exist.  
The data for each problem is stored in the ./data folder structure, with a individual folder for each problem.
The initial data provided with the problem is stored in files named initial_inputs.npy and initial_outputs.npy
Use the Botorch library.
No unit tests are required

/constitution
add to the existing constitution that each week, changes to the model, hyperparaters and code should be added to each notebook as a new section with the week number as the title.  Existing code cells should not be replaced.

/specify initial challeng submission - 
For each problem, load and display the initial inputs and output.
Based on the problem discription suggest potential hyperparamters that may yeild good results.
For each problem, construct a bayesian optimisation loop.
The challenge requires the models to be trained on the initial data, then the next sample point to be proposed. 
Each week these samples will be submitted and the results returned.  These reults then will be added to the data set and the optimisation executed again, resulting in a new sample point - this process repeats.
Each model should clearly specify the hyperparameters used, explain why their values have been chosen.
Each model should provide clear visualisation of the surrogate function in the problem space, and the convergence of the objective
The input and output dimensions, as well as some background information to each black box is specified in the jupyter notebooks for each problem.  Use these to create appropriate visualisations

/clarify

/plan plan this so that the initial inputs and outputs are processed and each notebook is executed and tested

/specify The number of data points you work with will increase by one each module: starting with ten data points in Module 12, 11 data points in Module 13 and continuing up to 22 data points by the end of Module 24. 
Each query must follow this format: x1-x2-x3-...-xn, where each xᵢ must begin with 0 and is specified to six decimal places decimal places (for example, 0.123456-0.654321 for a 2D function).
Provide the next query for each function in this format

/specify all inputs should be in the range 0 to 0.999999

/specify change the source data files to "updated_inputs - Week 4.npy" and "updated_outputs - Week 4.npy" for all 8 functions, using the corresponding data file folder for each function

/specify 
- create a new python notebook in the functions/results folder to perform the following:
 - prompt for the week number to process
 - read the inputs and the outputs from the black box samples from the data/results directory in text files named "inputs - week X.txt" and "outputs - week X.txt" where X is the number of the weeks submission.
 - These files contain the full set of inputs and outputs for all the functions 1 - 8
 - create the npy files in the same format as the current files, putting the inputs and outputs in the appropriate data folders, naming them "updated_inputs - Week X.npy" and "updated_outputs - Week X.npy"
 - display the updated inputs and outputs in tabular form and provide a convergence graph for the outputs.